Adding 5 new requirements based on #189 disscussion. the changes are … (#274)
OWASP/owasp-masvs: Document/0x07-V2-Data_Storage_and_Privacy_requirements.md

| **2.10** | MSTG‑STORAGE‑10 | The app does not hold sensitive data in memory longer than necessary, and memory is cleared explicitly after use. |  | ✓ |
| **2.11** | MSTG‑STORAGE‑11 | The app enforces a minimum device-access-security policy, such as requiring the user to set a device passcode. |  | ✓ |
| **2.12** | MSTG‑STORAGE‑12 | The app educates the user about the types of personally identifiable information processed, as well as security best practices the user should follow in using the app. |  | ✓ |

> | **2.13** | MSTG‑STORAGE‑13 | No sensitive data should be stored locally on the mobile device. Instead it should be stored at the remote endpoint, and only required data is provided at runtime. |  | ✓ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **2.13** | MSTG‑STORAGE‑13 | No sensitive data should be stored locally on the mobile device. Instead it should be stored at the remote endpoint, and only required data should be cached at runtime. |  | ✓ |
```

Reviewer 2: For this one, I had opened https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/issues/119 last year, but @sushi2k voted against it. I'm still in favour of adding something like this though, since it's more clear.

Reviewer 3: Makes sense to put in this requirements as Level 2 and you are right @TheDauntless it's making it more clear.

Reviewer: See #276 :)

Reviewer: As a result of #279 :
```suggestion
| **2.13** | MSTG‑STORAGE‑13 | No sensitive data should be stored locally on the mobile device. Instead, data should be retrieved from a remote endpoint when needed and only be kept in memory. |  | ✓ |
```

> | **2.13** | MSTG‑STORAGE‑13 | No sensitive data should be stored locally on the mobile device. Instead it should be stored at the remote endpoint, and only required data should be cached at runtime. |  | ✓ |

Reviewer: Given: #276 
```suggestion
| **2.13** | MSTG‑STORAGE‑13 | No sensitive data should be stored locally on the mobile device. Instead, data should be retrieved from a remote endpoint when needed and only be kept in memory. |  | ✓ |
```

> | **2.14** | MSTG‑STORAGE‑14 | Local storage should be wiped off the device memory after 5 failed authentication attempts. |  | ✓ |

Reviewer 3: Let's not define a certain number of failed attempts in the MASVS, we are also not doing that for authentication;

Local storage should be wiped off the device memory after an excessive number of failed authentication attempts.

Reviewer: Agreed, good point!
